=head1 Possible architecture

=head2 Sources

Have a number of 'data source' classes.  Each takes an underlying
data source (fitocracy, beeminder, RTM, comic-rocket, etc) and translates
data into a tagged stream.  Eg:

    {
        source      => 'RememberTheMilk',
        description => 'Laundry',
        tags        => ['household','chores'],
        date        => 1353283428,
    }

TODO: Some things (like RTM) have concepts of tags and lists.  Do
we split these? Do we keep them together? Do we have some sort of
extensible format?

=head3 Possible sources

 * RememberTheMilk
 * Beeminder
 * Fitocracy
 * Foursquare
 * iDoneThis
 * Email (both inbox size and emails sent)
 * github

=head3 Notes

The classifier may be run on a regular schedule (eg, a cron job), or
we may establish callbacks from other services when changes are made
(eg, post-commit hooks in git, or push URLs in beeminder).

This means at the very least we need some sort of (web) service
to accept these. This should be pretty easy with Dancer, but we'll
need to make sure we've got some sort of strong auth going and
protection against DOS attacks/malfunctions.

=head2 Classifier

The classifier takes each item from each stream, and converts it into
a point value.  It has a rule-set (read from a user-defined configuration
file) on how this is to be done.

=head2 Streak Engine

The streak engine takes the results from the classifier, and scales
points according to streaks. This allows for diminishing returns, but
also allows for bonuses to be awarded for streaks.  For example,
flossing one's teeth may be worth one point the first day, two the second,
up to a maximum of five.  This strongly encourages habitual behaviour
as one doesn't wish to break the streak.

=head2 Logging engine (optional)

It would be nice to collate all the information we've got and place it
into logs, draw graphs, or otherwise make it accessible for future use.
This may be used by the previous stages (eg, to detect streaks) and is
generally just good self-quantification.

=head1 Discussion on Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/paul.fenwick/posts/10151164187724611


